OCPBUGS-5983: Adding LVMS limits (#56466)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/deploying-lvms-on-sno-cluster.adoc

* You can only create a single instance of the `LVMCluster` custom resource (CR) on an {product-title} cluster.
* You can make only a single `deviceClass` entry in the `LVMCluster` CR.
* When a device becomes part of the `LVMCluster` CR, it cannot be removed.

[id="lvms-deployment-limitations-for-sno-ran_{context}"]
== Limitations

For deploying {sno}, LVM Storage has the following limitations:

* The total storage size is limited by the size of the underlying Logical Volume Manager (LVM) thin pool and the overprovisioning factor.

> * The size of the logical volume depends on the size of the Physical Extend (PE) and the Logical Extend (LE).

Reviewer: @suleymanakbas91 Correct me if wrong, over the internet the 'E' in PE & LE stands for 'Extent'. Not sure if 'Extent' and 'Extend' words are used interchangeably?

Reviewer 2: Wow, that's a great catch! You're absolutely right. It should be 'Extent' not 'Extend'.

Author: Good catch, updated! I'm wondering if it should be corrected in this KB article as well? https://access.redhat.com/solutions/65201

Reviewer 2: I'd say yes.

** It is possible to define the size of PE and LE during the physical and logical device creation.
** The default PE and LE size is 4 MB.

> ** If the size of the PE is increased, there are almost no limits for the size of LVM.

Author: > there are almost no limits for the size of LVM

We have to be more clear on this because "almost no limits" implies that there is still some kind of limit. Could you share more information about this?

> ** If the size of the PE is increased, there are almost no limits for the size of LVM.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
** If the size of the PE is increased, the limit for the size of LVM is determined by the kernel limits (and your disk space).
```
I think this sounds more accurate.

Author: Thanks, updated!

.Size limits for different architectures using the default PE and LE size
[cols="1,1,1,1,1", width="100%", options="header"]
|====
|Architecture
|RHEL 5
|RHEL 6
|RHEL 7
|RHEL 8

|32-bit
|16 TB
|16 TB
|-
|-

|64-bit

> a|8 EB footnote:[Theoretical size.]

Reviewer 3: Is this the proper format for footnotes in a table? It looks unusual to have the footnote in the cell (although it probably works better). The Doc Guidelines suggest an [alternative formatting for table cell footnotes](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#alternative-footnote-styling-in-tables).
